An unemployed person applies for a job as a cleaner at Microsoft. The HRD gives him an interview, then a test (sweep the floor), and says: - You are hired; give me your email and I'll send you the form to fill out, along with the date and time you need to show up to start your job. The desperate man replies that he doesn't have a computer, let alone an email. The HRD then tells him that he is sorry, but that if he does not have an e-mail, it means that he virtually does not exist, and, since he does not exist, he cannot have the job. The man leaves, not knowing what to do. He only has $ 10 in his pocket. So he decides to go to the supermarket and buys a 5 kg case of tomatoes. So he goes door to door to sell his tomatoes by the kilo, and in less than two hours, manages to double his capital. He repeats the operation three more times and comes home with $ 60. So he realizes that he can survive this way, he leaves home every day earlier and comes home later, and thus triples or quadruple his money each day. Soon after, he buys a cart, then the exchange for a truck and soon after is found with a small fleet of delivery vehicles. 5 years pass, the man is the owner of one of the largest food distributors in the United States. He then thinks about the future of his family, and decides to take out life insurance. He calls an insurer, chooses an insurance plan, and when the conversation ends, the insurer asks for his email to send him the proposal. The man then says he has no email. .- Curious, said the insurer, you don't have an email and you got to build this empire, imagine what you would be if you had an email !!! The man thinks and answers : - I would be a cleaner at Microsoft.
A group of TCP packets enters a bar, the bartender says: "Wait two seconds, I have to close this window".
It's an SQL query that goes into a bar, and the server responds: "There are no more tables!" ".
I wanted to tell you a joke about 404 errors, but I can't find it anymore.
In IT we spend 80% of the time in development, 80% of the time in testing, 80% of the time in debugging for 20% of the result. \ n \ nThe mathematician: \ n \ n "False: 9 is not prime" \ n \ n \ n \ n The physicist: "1, 3, 5, 7, 9… er… 11, 13… good, except for experimental errors, it's good ”\ n \ n \ n \ n The computer scientist: \ n1 is prime, \ n3 is prime, \ n5 is prime, \ n7 is prime, \ n9 is not prime, \ n9 is not prime, \ n9 is not prime, \ n9 is not prime, \ n9 is not prime, \ n9 is not prime, \ n9 is not prime, \ n9 is not first
A woman asks her husband's programmer, “Go to the supermarket and buy a bottle of milk. And if they have eggs, take 6 ”. And the guy comes back with 6 bottles of milk.
"Go to the supermarket and buy a bottle of milk. And while you're at it, grab some eggs." He never comes back.
“Why do mathematicians have as much difficulty for women as for barycenters?…. because they are constantly looking for the G point. "
How does a developer try to fix their car when they have a problem? He gets out of the car, closes all the windows, gets back into the car, and tries to restart.
How many developers does it take to replace a burnt out bulb? None, it's a Hardware problem. Thank you!
